you know what's going on youtube its
pika King 5 here and this is going to be
a smaller review and showing the rewards
from the 2012 halloween event and this
guy said spank me and calling the
captain so first of all whatever team
that you plan to join either brother
genious or brother righteous brother
righteous pretty much wants to you know
hunt these ghosts and collect their
ectoplasmic to build the barriers to
protect the cities of Iraq and falador
whereas brother venient no no brother
that's what brother righteous wants to
do he wants to protect the cities with
that echo plasma brother he Gnaeus the
one that I'm on is the evil one who
wants to collect the ectoplasmic from
the ghost to destroy the cities and
pretty much you get these ectoplasmic
things from hunting ghosts and the bad
thing about this is they only appear
once every two hours you need a lot of
ectoplasmic to claim your rewards and
stuff like that so it's definitely a
break away from the Grim Reaper thing
that's been you know repetitive and
going on for years but i find the Grim
Reaper thing a lot more entertaining
than this and a better update personally
one of my favorite events was i believe
it was two thousand seven or two
thousand eight where you got the Grim
Reaper I thought that was a really fun
event and I don't know the last few ones
haven't been that bad to be fair and
this is the first time in a long time
that they've kind of broken away from
this grim reaper thing they've kind of
gotten back to the whole Varrick seen
clan on clan because it's a team thing
the team with more ectoplasm at the end
of the event wins so you know you have
the option to donate and stuff so let's
go into the rewards on how old hood on
howell torso on holland skirt and held
boots on how love son holland cape which
hard roads aren't they kind of whatever
they're selling stuff for me nothing too
special nothing you know that i would
want to buy but you know something that
i found really awesome is the
ectoplasmic it cost fifty ectoplasm and
when fighting spirits and ghosts within
with item in your inventory you'll gain
small prayer boost for each kill you
make so it's kind of like a bone crusher
for noobs
I guess when killing spirits and ghosts
and runescape so that I found pretty
cool that was pretty awesome uh but as
for the robes I'm not the biggest fan of
the robes you know they're okay they're
showing so but an overall review on this
halloween event I gotta give it a 3 out
of 10 just gives a simple fact that you
have to wait every two hours just to do
the damn event and I going around and
hunting ghosts and he's donated
ectoplasmer it's not much of a vent it
kind of seems like more of an annoyance
if you guys know what I mean you know
it's not something to really have fun
with and you know the rewards are kind
of slacking and even though you know
it's the first time they took a break
away from the groom report some people
might like I dad definitely was kind of
hoping something else would be in mind
for that than this I'm night I really
don't i'm not feeling this update um by
the way if i didn't mention already
whichever side you picked just get the
colored robes that they have I could
have to look like them and if we have
very tedious me and a bunch of other
who've been waiting here forever and
people just gave up one like yeah screw
this because they didn't want to wait
every two hours 24 you know ghosts and
stuff to appear and I'm not a big fan of
this event to be honest but I hope you
guys enjoyed my video leaving the
comments which you guys think about the
rewards and the amount overall do you
like it do not like it thumbs up the
video subscribe to my channel don't like
good stuff and I'll see you guys on my
next video peace all i care about is
money and a city and i'm from mamas if
until